This software was developed by United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE)
employees in the course of their official duties.  USACE used copyrighted,
open source code to develop this software, as such this software 
(per 17 USC ยง 101) is considered "joint work."  Pursuant to 17 USC ยง 105,
portions of the software developed by USACE employees in the course of their
official duties are not subject to copyright protection and are in the public
domain.

USACE assumes no responsibility whatsoever for the use of this software by
other parties, and makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, about its
quality, reliability, or any other characteristic. 

The software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.  In no event shall the
authors or U.S. Government be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the
software.

Public domain portions of this software can be redistributed and/or modified
freely, provided that any derivative works bear some notice that they are
derived from it, and any modified versions bear some notice that they have
been modified. 

Copyrighted portions of the software are annotated within the source code.
Open Source Licenses, included in the source code, apply to the applicable
copyrighted portions.  Copyrighted portions of the software are not in the
public domain.
